docs: bodySizeLimit measures raw HTTP body (#94137)
vercel/next.js: docs/01-app/03-api-reference/05-config/01-next-config-js/serverActions.mdx

}
```

> The limit applies to the raw HTTP request body, including the bytes that `multipart/form-data` adds for boundaries, part headers, and field metadata. If you expect uploads close to the configured value, add a small allowance for that overhead; roughly 16 KB is comfortable headroom for typical multipart shapes.

Author: ```suggestion
The limit applies to the raw HTTP request body, including the bytes that `multipart/form-data` adds for boundaries, part headers, and field metadata. If you expect uploads close to the configured value, leave some room for this overhead. For typical multipart uploads, an additional 10–20 KB is a reasonable rule of thumb.
```
